Handle popups properly as separate WebView instances (#2584)
mihonapp/mihon: CHANGELOG.md

- Spoofing of `X-Requested-With` header to support newer WebView versions ([@Guzmazow](https://github.com/Guzmazow)) ([#2491](https://github.com/mihonapp/mihon/pull/2491))
- Download support for chapters with the same metadata. Now a hash based on chapter's url is appended to download filename to tell them apart, letting you download both. Existing downloaded chapters will continue to work normally ([@raxod502](https://github.com/radian-software)) ([#2305](https://github.com/mihonapp/mihon/pull/2305))
- Auto refresh extension list whenever a repository is added or removed ([@c2y5](https://github.com/c2y5)) ([#2483](https://github.com/mihonapp/mihon/pull/2483))

> - The WebView activity now launches new WebViews for popups instead of treating them as redirects. The X button will close the most recent WebView in the stack. ([@TheUnlocked](https://github.com/TheUnlocked)) ([#2584](https://github.com/mihonapp/mihon/pull/2584))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added proper multi window support in WebView instead of treating everything as a redirect ([@TheUnlocked](https://github.com/TheUnlocked)) ([#2584](https://github.com/mihonapp/mihon/pull/2584))
```
